I'll be very happy when all of my
daughters are with the right men Scott
Scott this is my family and if you want
to be in this family you have to stop
drinking you listen to me you have to
stop enough is enough fuck you I will
not stand for the money guys really make
it harkens upon deep silence Chloe shut
up court be quiet Kim do it everyone one
thing every man has to understand what
our families our mom comes first then my
career no whatever I have something to
say I kids on my big upon where you guys
are yelling like that look at this you
made me do I can't put my makeup on so
loud everybody just be quiet everyone
just be quiet for what stop getting no
one address is better than the
Kardashians is gonna win you're going
down with Scott you and that fabulous
wardrobe of yours are going down my
goals for this year to lose 15 pounds
and to kill Scott everyone just needs to
lighten it up sometimes can we stop
talking about Scott now and get to my
career
I want Scott to sell his soul to the
devil all right case closed okay okay
I've heard enough of your shit and I'm
fucking out of your got you listen to me
don't walk away and get here right now
Scott so not getting away with this I
just want what's best for everybody I
thought y'all gonna do hair makeup right
now seriously can we stop talking about
Scott